Aws backend support (#687)
uyuni-project/sumaform: backend_modules/aws/README_ADVANCED.md

# Advanced configurations

## mirror

> In addition to acting as a bastion host for all other instances, the `mirror` host serves all repos and packages used by other instances.

Author: This is not true, mirror and bastion are separated machines now.

It works similarly to the one for the libvirt backend, allowing instances in the private subnet to be completely disconnected from the Internet.
The `mirror` host's data volume can be created from a pre-populated snapshot, which allows it to be operational without lengthy channel synchronization.

### Set up mirror machine

> When creating mirror machine one have two possibilities:

Reviewer: I'd reverse the ordering as I can expect most users not to have a snapshot the first time they go through the guide.

* Creating using a data disk snapshot:
```hcl
data "aws_ebs_snapshot" "data_disk_snapshot" {
  most_recent = true

  filter {
    name   = "tag:Name"
    values = ["mirror-data-volume-snapshot"]
  }
}

module "mirror" {
  source = "./modules/mirror"

  base_configuration = module.base.configuration
  provider_settings = {
    public_instance = true
  }
  volume_provider_settings = {
    volume_snapshot_id = data.aws_ebs_snapshot.data_disk_snapshot.id
  }
}
```

* Creating with empty data disk (if no snapshot is available):

```hcl
module "mirror" {
  source = "./modules/mirror"

  base_configuration = module.base.configuration

  provider_settings = {
    public_instance = true
  }
}
```

**Sync mirror data (this will take some time):**

   If you are using released versions only or creating a mirror disk from scratch:
   1. `ssh root@<MIRROR_HOST>`
   1. `sudo bash /root/mirror.sh`

>    If you need access to nightly builds or DEVEL packages (one needs access to a full sync mirror, which could be on a local machine):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need access to SUSE internal nightly builds or `Devel:` packages, you will first of all need a fully set up and synced libvirt based mirror on a machine in the engineering network. Once you have it you can transfer development packages to your AWS mirror via rsync, for example via the commands below:
```

   1. `scp <YOUR_AWS_KEY> root@<LOCAL_MIRROR_HOST>://root/key.pem`
   2. `ssh root@<MIRROR_HOST>`
   3. `zypper in rsync`
   4. `rsync -av0 --delete -e 'ssh -i key.pem -o "proxycommand ssh -W %h:%p -i key.pem ec2-user@<BASTION_MACHINE_PUBLIC_DNS>"' /srv/mirror/ ec2-user@<MIRROR_PRIVATE_DNS>://srv/mirror/`

#### Creating data disk snapshot

> 1. Create a disk snapshot (this will take some time)

Reviewer: Is this equivalent to taking a snapshot from the AWS console? If so, note it, as it might be easier at least to some users.
